README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Remove unused SVG files, update README with project features and API integration details, and improve error handling in product management components.

README.md, after:

# ProductTracker

ProductTracker is a web application for managing product lists. It allows users to track products with names, descriptions, and completion status.

## Features

- Product management with name, description, and checked status
- Filtering capabilities to easily find products
- Infinite scroll for efficient browsing of large product lists
- Dark/light mode theme switching
- Responsive design using Tailwind CSS
- Modern UI components from shadcn
- Built with Next.js for optimal performance
- Backend powered by mockAPI

## Tech Stack

- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org)
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)
- [shadcn/ui](https://ui.shadcn.com)
- [mockAPI](https://mockapi.io) for backend services

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

## API Integration

This application uses mockAPI to handle backend operations for product data management. The API endpoints handle:

- Retrieving product lists
- Adding new products
- Updating product status
- Deleting products

## Deployment

This application is already deployed on [Vercel](https://vercel.com) and can be accessed at [https://product-tracker.vercel.app](https://product-tracker.vercel.app). Vercel provides continuous deployment with automatic updates whenever changes are pushed to the main branch.
